TELCODOCS-2045 - Telco core RDS 4.18 docs (#88622)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-core-common-baseline-model.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * scalability_and_performance/telco_core_ref_design_specs/telco-core-rds.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="telco-core-common-baseline-model_{context}"]
= Telco core common baseline model

The following configurations and use models are applicable to all telco core use cases.
The Telco core use cases build on this common baseline of features.

Cluster topology::
Telco core clusters conform to the following requirements:

> * High availability control plane (three or more supervisor nodes)

Reviewer: Is "supervisor node" a special thing for telco? Or should this be "control plane nodes"?

Author: Updating with control plane node throughout.

* Non-schedulable supervisor nodes
* Multiple machine config pools

Storage::
Telco core use cases require persistent storage as provided by {rh-storage-first}.

Networking::
Telco core cluster networking conforms to the following requirements:

> * Dual stack IPv4/IPv6 (IPv4 primary)

Reviewer: Period to be consistent with other bullets. Check others as well.

* Supports multiple networks.
Segmented networking provides isolation between operations, administration and maintenance (OAM), signaling, and storage traffic.
* Cluster network type is OVN-Kubernetes as required for IPv6 support
* Telco core clusters have multiple layers of networking supported by underlying RHCOS, SR-IOV Network Operator, Load Balancer and other components.
These layers include the following:
** Cluster networking layer.
The cluster network configuration is defined and applied through the installation configuration.
Update the configuration during Day 2 operations with the NMState Operator.
Use the initial configuration to establish the following:
*** Host interface configuration
*** Active/active bonding (LACP)
** Secondary/additional network layer.
Configure OpenShift CNI through network `additionalNetwork` or `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` CRs.
Use the initial configuration to configure MACVLAN virtual network interfaces.
** Application workload layer.
User plane networking runs in cloud-native network functions (CNFs).

Service Mesh::
Telco CNFs can use Service Mesh.

> All telco core clusters should include a Service Mesh implementation.

Reviewer 2: Per ISG: [Whenever possible, rewrite in a more direct way](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#s). Maybe:

```suggestion
It is recommended that all telco core clusters include a Service Mesh implementation.
```

Author: I take your point, will rewrite for clarity. Also: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#recommend
